Enable ceip prompt (#415)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-cli: docs/quickstart/install.md

- `tanzu config eula accept` to accept the EULA.

****Customer Experience Improvement Program (CEIP) Prompt**** :
The Tanzu CLI prompts the user to accept participation in CEIP or not.

> 

Reviewer: Can you remove lines 150 to 154 and add them below to avoid duplication?
This is how things were before commit fd054aa433c977e54aad2411827f6769310fbc54

- `tanzu config eula accept` to accept the EULA.

> - You can set env `TANZU_CLI_CEIP_OPT_IN_PROMPT_ANSWER` details to set the CEIP participation status for automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To set the CEIP participation status for automation, the environment variable `TANZU_CLI_CEIP_OPT_IN_PROMPT_ANSWER` can be set to `No` or `Yes`.
```

- `tanzu config eula accept` to accept the EULA.

****Customer Experience Improvement Program (CEIP) Prompt**** :
The Tanzu CLI prompts the user to accept participation in CEIP or not.

Systems and users (via automation scripts, for instance) that expect

> non-interactive use of the CLI can avoid being prompted with either of the

Reviewer: Please remove repeated line

non-interactive use of the CLI can avoid being prompted with the
above by running the following before any other CLI commands:

> - `tanzu config eula accept` to accept the EULA.

Author: removed the duplicate

> - `tanzu ceip-participation set <true/false>` to set the CEIP participation status.

Reviewer: IIUC, I think this command will be removed in the future and is only kept as a safety for the moment.
Therefore I don't think we should document it here.
We can just mention the `TANZU_CLI_CEIP_OPT_IN_PROMPT_ANSWER` variable.

> - You can set env `TANZU_CLI_CEIP_OPT_IN_PROMPT_ANSWER` details instead of tanzu ceip-participation set <true/false> to set the CEIP participation status for automation.

Author: yea makes sense
